Part 1: Talk About Yourself

Describe your background: where you were born and raised, and what you used to do as a child or as
a teenager. Talk about yourself in the present: briefly describe your habits and routine. Talk about your
plans: briefly describe your plans and goals.

Language items: simple present, present continuous, simple past, past continuous, used to, be used
to, future (will), modal verbs (can, could, may, might, should, must)


ME 

well .. I was born in Osasco in 1995, this Osasco is a big neighborhood close to where I raised.I was raise in Barueri and there was where I passed my childhood, when I was a child I used to play in a litlle street in front my old home, I had much friends, and this friends played football with me and sometimes we played in a little sandpark on the end of street, this sandpark marked my childhood
When I was a teenager my mind changed, I played with some friends yet, but sometimes I thougth in what I would be when adult, what my plans and goals?
When I saw my parents working and struggling inpired me, I didn`t have plans but I had a dream, I dreamed to work with tecnology so I started to find about tecnology I did some courses about Tecnology and i studied Carreries in tecnology and I decided in the end my adolescence after end to school begin my graduation in Computer Science my graduation it was amazing, I got my first job with tecnology and there was that I knowed my wife. My routine in graduation it was crazy, I woke up early arround to 05:00 am, I gonna to gym, after I worked until 05:00 pm, I went to do boxing, a few days on week I went to Wiseup to study english, and the weekends I did  curses about to tecnology. I used to be motivated, definetely I was to path for to achieve my dream.
Nowadays, I am in this path yet, I can to speak that I am so thankful that I had to go through those experiences because it’s those struggles, and those hardships that define me as a person.  
I will be achieve  greatness, but for this I need to continue studying and working as before, but now We are in pandemic and we must not leave home, because that,  I am studying english just online, but I would like to back to do boxing and gym, I could back to the gym , but I guess that is not necessary now in pandemic, I prefer to do boxing and gym after pandemic end.
Nowadays, I can to speak that I am so thankful that I had to go through those experiences because it’s those struggles, and those hardships that define me as a person.

“Successful Change”
Part 2: Define 

What kinds of feelings do changes cause to people?
Why do emotions play a role in successful changes?
Why is it necessary to change?
Define what a successful change is.

Language items: simple present, modal verbs (can, could, may, might, should, must)

In my opinion changes are necessary to improve life and work, experience in changes prepare us to confront something big. Peoples that never change, I guess that they won't have opportunities to grow up in professional or personal life, because them are stagnant and afraid.
I believe that emotions are part the people and this emotions harm them on decisions,because the emotions sometimes it do them decide to worst path but we may to adapdation and  move on , a lot of people have fear the change, but changes are great opportunities to grow up. 
When we need change, we need analysis the both paths, and decided the better path, which the two paths we will have more security and we will be to feel well.
We must control the emotions, like anxiety, afraid ... we shouldn't decide for a path only by impulsivity, only be rational. I guess that adapdation and planning are keys to “Successful Change”.




Part 3: Analyze a Situation

Narrate a situation in your personal or in your professional life in which you had to make a drastic change: What happened? When did it happen? Why did it happen? How did you feel during the transition moment

Language items: simple past, past continuous, used to, modal verbs (can, could, may, might, should,must) expressing opinions, reasoning

Well... my first experience with changes it was when I was adolescence and I was close to finished high school, I used to go a litlle school near my parents' home, there is I knew every one. One day in 2013 my father recive a propost to new job, but this job was from other city, after some months, my parents acepeted this propost and we had to move a new city closest to my father's work.In the beginning of situation I was to fear about it, because I would have to move and make new friends and I wouldn't want to move, but my mother convinced me to move. She talked to me about the positive aspects in new city,I thinked that this change could be positive for me, I could to new friends and I could have a new experiences, I stayed conviced that this path, I will be the better for me
When we were in a new home in a new city and I was study in a new school, I made a new friends and I enjoyed my adolescence, I used to ride bicycle everyday. I adapdated at that new envarioment and I grew up like a person, I realized that my emotions that I was felling before to move it was only be fear, afraid about new things, places and people, but we shouldn't fear because it was only be phase



Part 4: Draw a Conclusion

Are you currently changing anything in your life?
What do you intend to change in your life in the next few years?
Based on your experience, how do you react to changes: positively or negatively?

Language items: simple present, present continuous, expressing opinions, future (will), modal verbs
(can, could, may, might, should, must), reasoning

When you finish writing, proofread the text. Pay attention to spelling, vocabulary appropriateness, and
sentence construction. Also, make sure you answered all questions and included all parts

Currently, I'm not changing anything in my life,but 3 months ago, I moved to a new house with my wife.
Now,I am adapdting myself a the couple routine and I am planning to next steps for year, I intend to continue study english until fluency in english, I don't know how much time I need to achieve this mission,so I must believe in myself
I could study anything about technology or about anything, but I am dedicating all time in learn english, I believe that, when we ar focussing just one thing to learn is positive thing. Based in my experiences always I react positively to changes, because I believes in the changes.









-- complete text 
Well .. I was born in Osasco in 1995, this Osasco is a big neighborhood close to where I was raised. I grew up  in Barueri and there was where I spent my childhood, when I was a child I used to play in a little street in front my old home, I had many friends, and that  friends played football with me and sometimes we played in a little sandpark on the end of street, this sandpark marked my childhood
When I was a teenager my mind changed, I played with some friends yet, but sometimes I thought about what I would be when I became an adult, what is my plans and goals?
When I saw my parents working and struggling their inspired me, I didn't have plans but I had a dream, I dreamed to work with technology so I started to look about technology I did some courses about Technology and I studied Carriers in technology and I decided in the end my adolescence after to school  I started my graduation in Computer Science, and after 4 years I have been conclude my graduation and it was amazing, I got my first job with technology and there was that I knowed my wife. My routine in graduation it was crazy, I woke up early around to 05:00 am, I gonna to gym, after I worked until 05:00 pm, I went to do boxing, a few days on week I went to Wiseup to study english, and the weekends I did  curses about to technology. I used to be motivated, definitely I was on a path to achieve my dream.
Nowadays, I am on this path yet, I can speak that I am so thankful that I had to go through those experiences because it’s those struggles, and those hardships that define me as a person.  
I will be achieve  greatness, but for this I need to continue studying and working as before, but now We are in pandemic and we must not leave home, because that,  I am studying english just online, but I would like to back to do boxing and gym, I could back to the gym , but I guess that is not necessary now in pandemic, I prefer to do boxing and gym after pandemic end.

In my opinion changes are necessary to improve life and work, experience in changes prepares us to confront something big. People that never change, I guess that they won't have opportunities to grow up in professional or personal life, because they are stagnant and afraid.
I believe that emotions are part the people and this emotions harm them on decisions,because the emotions sometimes it do them decide to worst path but we may to adaptation and  move on , a lot of people have fear the change, but changes are great opportunities to grow up. 
When we need change, we need to analyze both paths, and decide the better path, which of the two paths we will have more security and we will be able to feel well.
We must control the emotions, like anxiety, fear ... we shouldn't decide for a path only by impulsivity, only be rational. I guess that adaptation and planning are keys to “Successful Change”.
Well... my first experience with changes was when I was adolescence and I was finishing high school, I used to go to a little school near my parents' home, there I knew everyone. One day in 2013 my father received a proposal to new job, but this job was from other city, after some months, my parents accepted this proposal and we had to move a new city closest to my father's work.In the beginning of situation I was to fear about it, because I would have to move and make new friends and I wouldn't want to move, but my mother convinced me to move. She talked to me about the positive aspects in new city,I thought that this change could be positive for me, I could to new friends and I could have a new experiences, I stayed convinced that this path, I will be the better for me
When we were in a new home in a new city and I was studying in a new school, I made new friends and I enjoyed my adolescence, I used to ride a bicycle everyday. I adapdated at that new environment and I grew up like a person, I realized that my emotions that I was feeling before to move it was only be fear, afraid about new things, places and people, but we shouldn't fear because it was only be phase


REVISÃO - CHECKPOINT_1

Well .. I was born in Osasco in 1995, this Osasco is a big neighborhood close to where I was raised. I grew up in Barueri and there was where I spent my childhood, when I was a child I used to play in a little street in front of my old home, I had many friends, and that friends played football with me and sometimes we played in a little sandpark on the end of street, this sandpark marked my childhood
When I was a teenager my mind changed, I played with some friends yet, but sometimes I thought about what I would be when I became an adult, what are my plans and goals?
When I saw my parents working and struggling and this  inspired me, I didn't have plans but I had a dream, I dreamed to work with technology so I started to look about technology I did some courses about Technology and I studied careers in technology and I decided in the end my adolescence after to school to started my graduation in Computer Science, and after 4 years I graduated and that was amazing, I got my first job with technology and I met  my wife. My routine in graduation was crazy, I woke up early around 05:00 am, I was going  to gym, after I worked until 05:00 pm, sometimes on week I was going to boxing I was going to  Wiseup to study english, and the weekends I did  curses about technology. I used to be motivated, definitely I was on a path to achieve my dream.
Nowadays, I am on this path yet, I can say  that I am so thankful for the hardships because  those experiences and those struggles, and those hardships define me as a person.
I will be achieve  greatness, but for this I need to continue studying and working as before, but now We are in pandemic and we must not leave home, so, because this I am studying english just online, but I would like to back to do boxing and gym, I could come back to the gym , but I guess that is not necessary now in pandemic, I prefer to do boxing and gym after pandemic end.
In my opinion changes are necessary to improve life and work, experience in changes prepares us to confront something big. People that never change, I guess that they won't have opportunities to grow up in professional or personal life, because they are stagnant and afraid.
I believe that emotions are part the people and this emotions harm them on decisions,because the emotions sometimes it do them decide to worst path but we may to adaptation and  move on , a lot of people have fear the change, but changes are great opportunities to grow up. 
When we need change, we need to analyze both paths, and decide the better path, which of the two paths we will have more security and we will be able to feel well.
We must control the emotions, like anxiety, fear ... we shouldn't decide for a path only by impulsivity, only be rational. I guess that adaptation and planning are keys to “Successful Change”.
Well... my first experience with changes was when I was adolescence and I was finishing high school, I used to go to a little school near my parents' home, there I knew everyone. One day in 2013 my father received a proposal to new job, but this job was from other city, after some months, my parents accepted this proposal and we had to move a new city closest to my father's work.In the beginning of situation I was to fear about it, because I would have to move and make new friends and I wouldn't want to move, but my mother convinced me to move. She talked to me about the positive aspects in new city,I thought that this change could be positive for me, I could to new friends and I could have a new experiences, I stayed convinced that this path, I will be the better for me
When we were in a new home in a new city and I was studying in a new school, I made new friends and I enjoyed my adolescence, I used to ride a bicycle everyday. I adapdated at that new environment and I grew up like a person, I realized that my emotions that I was feeling before to move it was only be fear, afraid about new things, places and people, but we shouldn't fear because it was only be phase
Currently, I'm not changing anything in my life,but 3 months ago, I moved to a new house with my wife.
Now,I am adapdting myself a the couple routine and I am planning to next steps for year, I intend to continue study english until fluency in english, I don't know how much time I need to achieve this mission,so I must believe in myself
I could study anything about technology or about anything, but I am dedicating all time in learn english, I believe that, when we ar focussing just one thing to learn is positive thing. Based in my experiences always I react positively to changes, because I believes in the changes.
